Sat Jul 8 00:35:57 EDT 2017
+r webcrawler http://www.purdue.edu
Starting program:  webcrawler http://www.purdue.edu
No executable file specified.
Use the "file" or "exec-file" command.
+help
List of classes of commands:

aliases -- Aliases of other commands
breakpoints -- Making program stop at certain points
data -- Examining data
files -- Specifying and examining files
internals -- Maintenance commands
obscure -- Obscure features
running -- Running the program
stack -- Examining the stack
status -- Status inquiries
support -- Support facilities
tracepoints -- Tracing of program execution without stopping the program
user-defined -- User-defined commands

Type "help" followed by a class name for a list of commands in that class.
Type "help all" for the list of all commands.
Type "help" followed by command name for full documentation.
Type "apropos word" to search for commands related to "word".
Command name abbreviations are allowed if unambiguous.
+running
Undefined command: "running".  Try "help".
+help running
Running the program.

List of commands:

advance -- Continue the program up to the given location (same form as args for break command)
attach -- Attach to a process or file outside of GDB
continue -- Continue program being debugged
detach -- Detach a process or file previously attached
detach checkpoint -- Detach from a checkpoint (experimental)
detach inferiors -- Detach from inferior ID (or list of IDS)
disconnect -- Disconnect from a target
finish -- Execute until selected stack frame returns
handle -- Specify how to handle signals
inferior -- Use this command to switch between inferiors
interrupt -- Interrupt the execution of the debugged program
jump -- Continue program being debugged at specified line or address
kill -- Kill execution of program being debugged
kill inferiors -- Kill inferior ID (or list of IDs)
next -- Step program
nexti -- Step one instruction
queue-signal -- Queue a signal to be delivered to the current thread when it is resumed
reverse-continue -- Continue program being debugged but run it in reverse
reverse-finish -- Execute backward until just before selected stack frame is called
reverse-next -- Step program backward
reverse-nexti -- Step backward one instruction
reverse-step -- Step program backward until it reaches the beginning of another source line
reverse-stepi -- Step backward exactly one instruction
run -- Start debugged program
signal -- Continue program with the specified signal
start -- Run the debugged program until the beginning of the main procedure
step -- Step program until it reaches a different source line
stepi -- Step one instruction exactly
target -- Connect to a target machine or process
target core -- Use a core file as a target
target exec -- Use an executable file as a target
target extended-remote -- Use a remote computer via a serial line
target native -- Native process (started by the "run" command)
target record -- Log program while executing and replay execution from log
target record-btrace -- Collect control-flow trace and provide the execution history
target record-core -- Log program while executing and replay execution from log
target record-full -- Log program while executing and replay execution from log
target remote -- Use a remote computer via a serial line
target tfile -- Use a trace file as a target
task -- Use this command to switch between Ada tasks
thread -- Use this command to switch between threads
thread apply -- Apply a command to a list of threads
thread apply all -- Apply a command to all threads
thread find -- Find threads that match a regular expression
thread name -- Set the current thread's name
until -- Execute until the program reaches a source line greater than the current

Type "help" followed by command name for full documentation.
Type "apropos word" to search for commands related to "word".
Command name abbreviations are allowed if unambiguous.
+q
